The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second
The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting
Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The Number of
The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and other Officers; and
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each
they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the
The Vice President of the United States shall be President of the Senate, but
The Senate shall choose their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore,
The Senate shall have the sole Power to try all Impeachments. When sitting for
The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and
The Congress shall assemble at least once in every Year, and such Meeting shall
The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their
States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the
The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and
The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now existing
The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when
The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of
The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot for two
the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence
Votes shall then be counted. The Person having the greatest Number of Votes
The Congress may determine the Time of choosing the Electors, and the Day on
The President shall, at stated Times, receive for his Services, a Compensation,
The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United
The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during
The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States,
The judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court,
establish. The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold
The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under
The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and
The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason, but no
The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all Privileges and Immunities
The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and
The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican
The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall
The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the
The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor
The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any
The Electors shall meet in their respective states, and vote by ballot for
The President of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and House of
The person having the greatest Number of votes for President, shall be the
The person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the
4. The validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law,
5. The Congress shall have power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the
1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from
The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each
have one vote. The electors in each State shall have the qualifications
2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce
The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or
1. The terms of the President and Vice President shall end at noon on the 20th
2. The Congress shall assemble at least once in every year, and such meeting
4. The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any of the
1. The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the United States
2. The transportation or importation into any State, Territory, or possession
3. The article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an
1. The District constituting the seat of Government of the United States shall
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
1. The right of citizens of the United States to vote in any primary or other
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the
President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office. Thereupon
1. The right of citizens of the United States, who are eighteen years of age or
2. The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate
